welcome my name is Sophia and now I'm
going to talk about Life of Pi in Canada
a young writer meets PI Patel the writer
has been told that PI's life story would
be a good subject for a book pi tells
the writer the following story about his
life PI's father names him piscine
Molitor Patel after the swimming pool in
France in secondary school in
Pondicherry he adopts the name hi the
Greek letter pi to avoid the sound alike
nicknamed pissing Patel he is raised in
a Hindu family but at 12 years old is
introduced to Christianity and then
Islam and decides to follow all three
religions as he just wants to love God
his mother supports his desire to grow
but his rationalist father tries to
secularize him Pais family owns a zoo
and pi takes interest in the animals
especially a Bengal tiger named Richard
Parker after PI gets dangerously close
to Richard Parker his father forces him
to witness the tiger killing a goat
when pious 16 his father announces that
they must move to Canada where he
intends to settle and sell the animals
the family books passage with the
animals on a Japanese freighter during a
storm the ship founders while pious on
deck he tries to find his family but a
crewman throws him into a lifeboat
a freed zebra jumps under the boat with
him breaking its leg the ship sinks into
the Mariana Trench drowning his family
PI briefly sees what appears to be a
survivor but it turns out to be Richard
Parker after the storm PI awakens in a
lifeboat with the zebra and is joined by
a resourceful orangutan a spotted hyena
emerges from under a tarpaulin covering
half of the lifeboat and snaps at PI
forcing him to retreat to the end of the
boat the hyena kills the zebra and later
the orangutan
Richard Parker emerges from under the
tarpaulin killing the hyena before
retreating back to cover for several
days high fashions a small tether draft
from floatation vests to which he
retreats for safety from Richard Parker
despite his moral code against killing
he begins fishing enabling him to
sustain the tiger as well when the tiger
jumps into the sea to hunt for fish and
then comes threatening Lee towards hi-hi
considers letting him drown but
ultimately helps him back into the boat
one night a humpback whale comes too
close to the boat destroying the raft
and its supplies high trains Richard
Parker to accept him in the boat and
realizes that caring for the tiger is
also helping keep himself alive weeks
later they encounter a floating island
of interconnected trees it is a lush
jungle of edible plants freshwater pools
in a large population of meerkats
enabling pie and Richard Parker to eat
and drink freely and regain strength at
night the island transforms into a
hostile environment
Richard Parker retreats to the lifeboat
while pie in the meerkats sleep in the
trees the water pools turn acidic
digesting the fish in them high deduces
that the island is carnivorous after
finding a human tooth embedded in a
flower pie and Richard Parker leave the
island eventually reaching the coast of
Mexico pious saddened that Richard
Parker does not acknowledge him before
disappearing into the jungle he is
rescued and brought to a hospital
insurance agents for the Japanese
freighter company interview him but do
not believe his story and ask what
really happened he tells a different
story in which the animals are replaced
by human survivors his mother for the
orangutans an amiable sailor for the
zebra and the ship's brutish cook for
the hyena in this story the cook kills
the Sailor and feeds on his flesh
he also kills pies mother after which
pie killed him with a knife and uses his
remains as food and fish bait the
insurance agents are dissatisfied with
this story but they leave without
questioning PI further the writer
recognizes the parallels between the two
stories noting that in the second
version pious actually Richard Parker PI
says that it doesn't matter which story
is the truth because his family still
died either way he then asks which story
the author prefers and the author
chooses the first to which PI replies
and so it goes with God glancing at a
copy of the official Insurance report
the writer reads aloud that PI survived
his great adventure in the company of an
adult Bengal tiger thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]